okay guys what is up welcome to another
episode of the creative exchange today I
have a very talented friend Tyler
Stallman hello hi Sara I mean I need a
clap clap clap and sometimes I go need a
soundboard I do it could let me know
what you guys think of a soundboard
I like sound effects that's super fun
but you know what guys today it's been a
long day I went to Central Park today I
did some like hiking and stuff shot some
videos and it is 90 degrees outside in
New York whoo yeah I had a simulator in
Prospect Park and I got my first sunburn
of the year there you go and we're very
similar and that we're very white so I
think we can relate on sunburns just the
worst but yeah it was a warm day I've
been sweating all day it's been so
lovely you guys don't you're here that's
good what he's not stopping does your
Studios exactly and the studios warm but
it is an honor to have Tyler here and so
for the people who do not know who you
are who are you what do you do what do
you make on YouTube and in life because
most people shouldn't know who I am
percentage of the population guys you
need to look him up because you might
have watched one of his videos from just
your recommended fees lately so the
things that I do I'll do like a really
quick bio going back I started out
working as a designer at iStockphoto
when it started in Calgary Alberta which
is still where I mostly lived he's
Canadian guy I'm Canadian
I mostly live in Calgary we have an
apartment in Toronto because we worked
there a lot yeah I worked at iStockphoto
and from there I ended up working at
other photo websites so I would forget
images for a while and with that we did
the relaunch of Life magazine which was
life calm and I also worked on the
Saatchi Gallery website so was all these
like art and photography websites and
the whole time I'm like shooting so I
was sort of always a photographer and
web designer at the same time and for
the last few years I've been kind of all
photography and video
and working on my wife's blog so things
kind of like like YouTube but in the
fashion world and all of a sudden in the
last six months my YouTube got bigger
and I've started a new podcast that is
just interviewing people like you're
you're yourself we just did we double
podcast it same day it's almost like a
two-parter it is it is so you guys can
go and check out his podcast when you're
done listening to this one but tell me a
little bit about your wife and what she
does because you have had an opportunity
to I guess be the camera person and like
the behind-the-scenes and we'll talk a
little bit about like what you do on
YouTube later but yeah what has kind of
been your experience with social media
with what you've done with your wife
well so she has a fashion blog go to
Anya be net to see it or follow her on
Instagram I met Anya B and that's I
don't know like kind of the fashion blog
lifestyle thing it used to be more
specifically fashion we do New York
Fashion Week and yeah you know like all
outfit photos and stuff like that and
now it's a lot more travel and general
lifestyle and that's been both of our
jobs together so like we are on the road
a lot we just came back from a we were
in Stockholm and Copenhagen and Malmo
and it's just like that's we've been
doing for years but it's always been
focused around her and I'm taking the
photos she's doing all the creative
direction and working with friends to
make that into a career and then I
decided to relaunch my YouTube that had
been dormant for a number of years and
it went well people were watching it so
I posted more and so it's been kind of a
new thing of myself being in the
spotlight at all but it's insanely fun
like YouTube people are super engaged
comparing it to the Instagram world and
also comparing it to the fashion world
like other people that do fashion social
media stuff it was a little harder to
like create a community around it it's a
community in the fashion world yeah for
sure
it's but as you might expect there's
this like edge to it
of people being sort of concerned but
they're protective maybe because like
you you have to either be super vogue
Karlie Kloss or the Instagram you know I
think there still is that kind of like
pinkies up thing about fashion but so
many people are out there creating their
own brands creating their own fashion
lines just from like Instagram following
so it's so very obviously powerful it's
changing so fast and so much that if I
try to define what it is I'm kind of
wrong because it's also a lot of things
right like everybody's doing something
different and we try to make sure that
we have like a unique voice and a
different perspective because it's
really easy to especially the hyper
minimal black and white look is an
example of something that you start
people start to look for a trend and
then they want to replicate it and
become part of it and we really try to
just be like like we're telling our
story about the things that we do and
what we're interested in and so no yeah
I'm extending that to YouTube which is
my stuff's more about like technology
and ography so do you guys
is there ever like a clash of creativity
in terms of like you have this vision
she has absolutely yeah yeah oh yeah I
mean it's like of course it's a blessing
and a curse of being of working together
because if we didn't we just wouldn't
see each other yeah like I think that's
true and that's something that I found
was well it's so cool because we're
around each other all the time which is
great doing our creative things but if
he like worked in a bank I literally
would never see him for sure so I think
it's really cool and yeah also when we
talk to other people that are in similar
situations of like having an Instagram
husband or whatever but so often they're
asking as a favor to have the husband
like get into photography can you yeah
can you try picking up the camera a
little more yeah exactly
yeah it was already what I was doing
anyway I know I just so so many things
stem off of that because someone a
couple that I've been following along do
you know Kane and Pia I don't okay so
Pia beautiful Instagrammer
type personality but then they started a
vlogging channel together and it's been
like super entertaining and he's like
taking up the vlogs and like editing and
stuff so it's really cool for them like
to see that and there's so many
different things that you can do on the
internet now you know and so you were
kind of like okay I'm gonna revamp this
YouTube channel see what it's all about
like what sparked what sparked that like
why why YouTube in 2018 yeah or 27 I
basically just started like I did it I
posted a camera review I was like you
know what I should really be I should be
doing this like I know I should be doing
it it's it's obvious I'm looking at what
other people are doing and I'm seeing
the potential to create a community to
be part of a community to to give back
as well I mean I learned photography on
the internet like I really I absolutely
like sometimes people are like oh are
you self-taught and like well I didn't
go to school but I was taught by people
posting you tutorials you know like
that's how I was a new school yeah so I
was like hey I got to do this too and so
I posted like a quick camera view that I
didn't spend very long on but it did
really well I had over a hundred
thousand and so then I just posted more
because it was working so but it's
definitely been a challenge finding a
balance of time because like we already
had a full schedule it was already like
wow we don't have time for life working
on her channel and now it's like okay
let's have another woman right so yeah I
mean it's it's super worth it and like I
love it but it's definitely a thing of
like how many hours are there in a day
and and so yeah I mean we're in we're
here in New York for a couple days and
I'm not I didn't get chance to do any
videos because we're working on client
work for her so nothing's coming out yes
yes exactly and well sometimes that's
what's cool about YouTube though is I
think consistency is important but at
the same time we're just talking about
how you are your own boss and you can
make your own decisions and so you know
you don't have to kill yourself if
you're not posting like daily vlogs are
the worst thing is people think they
have to follow some
rule that they heard about daily vlogs
being great example and you were talking
about with yourself to you but moving
away from them was really liberating
like so often people that that's a
common ones like you have to post all
the time you have to be consistent
that's the only way you can build a
brand and it's not you know it's like
another example I keep referring to thee
yeah the conversation just got cgp grey
ICT be crazy a great youtuber but he
only posts out about a video a month or
sometimes less but they get a few
million views and so he's able to build
a career out of it cuz he sits there and
he like keeps refining it and focusing
on this one episode over and Intel it's
great and then it does really well and
you can do that basically there just
isn't a right answer if you're making
good interesting content like stuff
people want to watch we're you know
we're having this conversation when I
feel like you're just starting so it'll
be interesting to see where you are in a
year you know it's like the sky's the
limit
I'm in the weirdest place of having done
it forever but I really like yeah like
almost so my followers are in the last
six months yeah which is Canada exciting
did you grow up in Canada I believe I
went exciting's not the word ideas but
it's great it's really nice to live
there and it's hard to imagine moving to
the States but we also travel a lot so
it kind of skews my perspective of being
in a smaller city so Calgary is like a
1.3 million or something so you know
it's a real city but it's not a big city
and then Toronto is a big city nice cool
yeah it really is cool and in this I
mean there's a lot of great stuff coming
out of Canada right now a very practical
question that I'm actually curious about
is it in terms of working with brands
that's a big part of being a
social-media influencer or a creator is
it harder to work with American
companies well you're in Canada it's
it's it's funny cuz it can be a big
advantage because there are they still
need to reach a Canadian market but
there's a lot less people doing it and
especially doing a session small pond
exactly yeah
so moving to the States which you know
do it means that all of a sudden you're
competing is way more people but you
might have access to bigger potential
things so people we know that are in our
same space like a lot of our friends now
are just people we see it events that we
go to all over the place we have the
chance to talk about the salon and
there's there's more money to be made in
the states for sure but it's harder to
get to the same level that we're at in
Canada I need to be a lot bigger in the
States so what would you say to the
person that thinks that they have to be
in New York City or LA to pursue
something creative I mean it depends
what you're doing like so a good example
is if you're doing if you want to talk
about technology or products you I mean
you really can be from anywhere we went
to an event a little while ago that was
a beauty event so it's all these Beauty
vloggers bloggers you know just people
making Beauty content and like they were
really from everywhere like any small
town and totally doesn't matter because
it's all about your ability to connect
with an online audience to speak to a
camera to like just be engaging on the
internet not doesn't matter where you
are at all like the backgrounds the same
in any city in the world so it you know
if you're not in a big city just focus
on your strengths you know we end up
traveling quite a bit because it can be
exciting like it can just like kind of
trigger inspiration and give you more
stories to tell but you really don't
have to and sometimes for video it
actually slows me down because I end up
worrying about getting around more and
like just getting through the day kind
of differently whenever I travel a ton I
love being home so much I just got back
from being Ella in LA for like over a
month and it was good because it was
winter in New York I didn't want to be
here but now being back and the weather
starting to be good again I'm just like
I want to be here forever and I you know
there's a special place in my heart for
New York I love it so much and I think
what is so fantastic about the Internet
is that it's like the democratization of
attention right so it's like it doesn't
matter if you're in like freaking India
or like Dallas Texas you you have the
same shot at this whole internet thing
and
so it I think it boils down to do you
have a community where you are or like
can you build it something you have to
think about if you're in any of those
small it's it's hard if you're in a
small town to apply this but if you're
in a smaller city like every brand needs
to reach every moderately sized
community in the city like they need to
they have events there they have sales
they need to get the word out about like
they need to reach people locally too so
you don't have to like the big contracts
are in New York in LA in Toronto but
there there is a lot of opportunity
anywhere like you you definitely can go
for it and that's probably where people
are paying less attention to so there's
probably a lot to grab in those smaller
cities because for sure no one's really
but I mean we also have to say the thing
of the you know don't do it for these
reasons like don't start it to go for a
sponsorship or anything like that like I
mean the the YouTube stuff I'm doing
isn't isn't breaking even at all right
now it's just what I've spent it it
seems like it will be worth it
I guess well his followers grow but
mostly I just want to because it's
really far I think that's where it
should start you know like there's a lot
of youtubers out there flexing you got
the Logan calls and stuff with the like
but it's like Yeti and stuff so I think
in kids heads right now they're legit
and it's interesting because people are
legitimately looking at YouTube now as a
career and so I've been surrounded by
people that hate YouTube so much but
they understand that they can be
ridiculous and they can do crazy stuff
and they can film it and put it on the
internet and be successful but they
don't really like it yeah and it's crazy
to hear people talk about YouTube as a
career like yeah man just make a bit
like I don't really like it but I can't
make money so and now it's here like
that I'm like yeah what crazy you know
because I'm sure a lot of people in our
circle were just like we're creative we
like to create stuff it starts out as
something so pure and then you have to
make it a job so we were to see that
fluid there's so much reason to create
it even if you don't intend on making
the money from this is a lot of what I
was thinking when I started to is like
it's also just about like reaching your
community and becoming
an active voice in it becoming somebody
that can hat like I you know the
influencer word the I word it's kind of
it I word it's a dumb word frenzy word
but having actual actual influence not
like getting a lot of likes but being a
a really active part of a community and
being somebody whose voices listen to
like that's what ends up feeling really
great about it so funny that's like a
lot of time it's the camera community
and when people respond to me that I
learned from and they read either
retweet me or talk or we'll have a full
conversation with me I'm like that's
awesome yeah like and even I think what
this podcast has become for me is just
getting in the room with someone for
thirty minutes to an hour that if I
didn't have a podcast that conversation
would never happened you know it's
that's the dirty circuit of secretive
podcast it's just an excuse to yeah and
also to get to know people and in terms
of you know like high profile people I
don't think they would ever you know
maybe they would never sit down have a
meeting with me if it didn't have any
outcome to it because why like people
are busy no one has time for stuff like
that and I like but what if I recorded
you recorded put out the Internet they
you know you can sell your attention for
them then that's interesting that you
can promote their book they come a lot
and I get to be selfish and like ask
them all of the questions I have that's
exciting and so I think whatever you're
creating whatever you're doing is just
like you the endgame doesn't always have
to be about money no for sure yeah it's
a big one right now one thing I'm all
about is is Instagram stories or you
know aka snapchat if your stones never
S&P snapchat I left the moment Instagram
stories I know me too well it's so I got
posted this is a while I guess it's not
the interesting me I like I post a
snapchat and Instagram stories on the
first day and I was getting you know
like 70 views on snapchat and all of a
sudden my first story gets like 700 and
like wow I didn't even try by snapchat
but so I would really encourage
everybody to think a bit harder about
their stories nothing you need to put a
ton of effort into them but think about
them is
having a ton of potential and I've
started having some I reach now on a
normal Instagram story is like a like a
poorly performing YouTube video which is
like pretty good yeah so now I've
started to treat them like really quick
hacky YouTube videos and I think this is
gonna be the biggest thing in the next
few years is like people are people are
watching them they're real they're way
more real then raw everything else yeah
everything other than podcasts I think
podcast is the most real oh for sure but
Instagram stories are so easy to create
and there is that what's unique about
Instagram story as opposed to snapchat
is I think that people can make them
look a little bit more art or cool but
they still have that raw and real so
it's you can watch an Instagram story
and be very inspired like oh my god
that's beautiful but also oh I get to
see Sarah with a little bit more like
personality and she's just like out hang
in with like John or something and
that's what I think really capture
captures people attention because it's
similar to the vlog thing like just
straight up vlogging isn't my favorite
thing ever but it makes the audience I
think feel more connected to you because
it is more real so when you are now
approaching your social media channels
you know there's like a lot of potential
for growth and like collaborating with
brands now and in the future how do you
see that balance of creating awesome
cinematic good like stuff you're proud
of but also balancing that oh I want my
audience to know me I want to be real I
want to be the real Tyler it's hard I
mean yeah I don't know I haven't figured
it out coz I go back and forth at first
I wanted to make movies you know like I
wanted to be a filmmaker and I just
realized how much more potential there
is on the internet like just posting
stuff posting whatever and then even the
fact that I'm talking about like
technology I'm like you know I could
just do my cinematic ideas and just talk
about something else
so I just bought a new iPhone we're
gonna talk about that and and you know
that went pretty well so I'm kind of
applying those ideas to everyday
concepts and I also feel like there's no
good reason that the
level of production on YouTube can't go
up and you know I think you're part of
that I think like a lot of this New York
community is awesome at it but there's a
huge community of really successful
youtubers that are like you know I only
have to use a webcam so that's all I'm
going to do and I'd love to see people
doing like just get getting excited
about making a shot look awesome because
being intentional with it and I think
that does come from like the more
scripted content realm where it's like
you have on the paper okay the camera is
going to zoom in and go move to the left
it's so intentional you said you wanted
to make movies who like inspired you
when you were growing up like who are
those directors and movies so a specific
one is is actually still motion so this
is not it wasn't actually movies as
people I got really inspired seeing
people make things on the internet that
were super cinematic so wanna be Philip
Bloom Philip velu yes yes yeah still
motion is from Toronto I think now
they're in Portland and they were making
like super cinematic wedding videos I'd
shot a few photo like just doing
photography jobs and weddings I hated it
then I saw their wedding videos I'm like
wait this can be awesome like I didn't
know it can be awesome and we're all
kind of used to cinematic wedding videos
at the time but there were some of the
first doing it and watching those like
just seeing people that I'm like I could
do that you know that looks beautiful
and it looks inspiring and like that
could be me too so those and then just
like as far as like filmmakers I love I
love Christopher Nolan I just did a
two-part podcast thing about him just
cuz I have a lot to say you know what
Sanderson's great I think everybody's
gonna say I'm not gonna have any anyways
but interstellar that's Christopher
Nolan right or am i boy oh okay
interstellar is one of my like all-time
favorite movie a good call like um Andy
I was shocked when I walked out of it
that a lot of people hated it no way
like full-on was like oh we're all gonna
agree this is the best movie ever made
well yeah and then I start talking to
people are listening to podcasts and
like oh the like some people hated that
movie
so sad yeah I'm seeing Avengers tomorrow
say anything but I've been seeing people
tweet about and like I have to see this
hurry up yeah I had a lot of thoughts in
like movies the spoiling of movies so
shed then well no it's basically that
like to me the and nobody has to listen
to this of course but to me the best
movie experiences ever or when I'm
totally surprised by the movie so a good
example is gone girl so my wife took me
to it I had no I'm like oh it's a girly
flick yeah you know it's it's a girly
movie I don't know what it's about I've
never heard of it
have you seen a girl I haven't but I
don't think I'm going to see it wait
wait I I have seen got Stephen Fincher
movie yeah an Affleck so it has been a
flick some like okay I can't believe I
said that I didn't see I was thinking of
girl on the train for some reason cuz
there Anthony's yeah but um anyway it
was really good and like sure and she
came to it was so good because I didn't
know it was gonna be good I thought it's
gonna be bad and then turned out to be
very very good and that made me love it
I feel like we shouldn't exactly
something because I had the same exact
experience with la-la-land so I went
into lalala thinking that it was a like
this weird movie based on a different
time you know it was a musical and I
didn't know okay so I thought it was
just like Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling
like in a in a piece like in the 70s or
something right and I had no idea what
is about and then they started singing
and that opening number and my jaws like
yeah because I don't like musicals so I
wouldn't be in that fear if I didn't if
I knew it was a musical totally and it's
legitimately one of my favorite all-time
movies oh yeah that's a you can suddenly
have a bunch of experiences like that if
you just like watch less trailers read
less reviews before you go see the movie
yeah a great example is from dawn to
dusk and I won't say what the twist in
that movies but there's a big twist I
didn't even know there was a twist and
that made the movie like completely blow
my mind but then the inverse is like
so pulp fiction hmm I saw late you know
I didn't see when it came out yeah it's
one of those it's one of those movies
that you have to see and is very well
regarded and I just saw it so late and
it was so hyped that I just didn't have
any of the impact because I was like
this is supposed to be the best movie
ever and then while you're watching it
every moment you're like is this is this
that good is it that good and that can
that can pull away from anyway I'm not
right or wrong about this but if you
could only pick one movie that is your
all time favorite movie vote Abey well I
couldn't I mean it's it would be better
to just say movies that I like so I'll
do that instead cuz I can't be held
again it's like whatever comes to mind
I mean when I worked in a movie theater
and in high school right after high
school and on my nametag get to put your
favorite movie and that at the time was
Goodfellas okay and then at some point I
switched it to memento when that came
out which is like the first big cuz for
no one movie say hey how about those
Secret Life of Walter Mitty oh that's
great once I have stories about that so
I was just telling you that I worked on
life calm yeah do you remember the story
of that movie yeah is that Life magazine
is shutting down they're gonna launch it
as a website home and that that was what
I was doing they filmed it in the office
like in the life office that I was
working in some like that's exactly
where I was sitting and I was the
designer making the website but the plot
of the movie doesn't add all follow what
was happening in the movie the magazine
was still running into the 2000s and
they were gonna shut down to make a
website in real life the magazine had
been closed for like ten years and
they're gonna relaunch it as a website
but I'm like I am a character that would
have been an extra is really interesting
I freaking love that maybe like serie
life of walter mitty lolly and
interstellar those are definitely much
and then you have like the classic Monty
Python and Holy Grail and like stuff
like that where I could watch that just
like five times a week if you were
saying like filmmaking or narrative
filmmaking isn't something you're really
aspiring to even though you're making
movies so I probably watch I really
don't go to the movie theater a lot so
there's I you know I haven't seen a lot
of classic movies and because I
and so obsessed with documentaries and
just YouTube in general like vice that's
a question in one desk you forgot to is
like do you watch a lot of YouTube I do
I so I am a heavy consumer of the
platform that I am on so a channel that
I've been really intrigued by lately is
like refinery29 so they are doing such a
good job of doing this kind of like
short form documentary thing and making
really interesting compelling topical
content they've been crushing it
but yeah I'm I'm obsessed with YouTube
I'm on it all the time and Netflix and
stuff like that yeah you're seeing
youtuber the movies that I don't watch a
lot of YouTube really like I do I do
watch him yeah but not much
no like sometimes they won't watch any
YouTube in a week at all did you go to
college i I did I went to like a
technical college that was it was like a
multimedia course so it's kind of two
years so it's just the basics of all the
stuff I ended up doing it like
photography audio video web design that
makes so much sense as a person who went
to college for three and a half years
and I still feel like I didn't have the
tools to go out into the real world and
be a computer science or a programmer
something that I'm so passionate about
that I hopefully later in life will get
a chance to like take a stab at is like
education in yeah about doing it or be
interviewing educate further well being
a part of the solution to creative
education and I just think it's so
something I want to get into without
doing it the wrong way is like creating
courses so it'd kind of be a thing where
like people online spend so much time
creating courses they're not really like
creating anything real anymore yeah but
I also can find them incredibly valuable
and I know like it can be a good income
stream as well so something and like
playing with my mind is like yeah and
how to do something something in
photography from a creator expect
perspective and like a business person
perspective I've been told that like
digital products is so key oh yeah I had
a conversation with a CEO of like a
hardware company
and it's so funny because the one thing
that he said he tells everyone is don't
start a hardware company it's called
hardware cuz it's hard exactly exactly
which is so fascinating because you
think about all the products that you
love and just like how much work that
goes into it and she's like well I
really thought by working at at
iStockphoto and so when I was there it
was
I was hired right as they started to
pick up like just is it the traffic
started to pick up and so I saw the
whole like massive spike going from
making a million dollars a year to one
hundred million dollars yeah
and it's it's because it's a digital
product ya know because like a photo you
only create it once like the comment
this cost is sunk at the beginning and
then you just distribute it and you're
just sending it out and the potential
there is just mm-hmm infinitely more
than making Hardware hard was really
challenging so but you know like if
you're gonna do that kind of thing like
there really needs to be value for the
people that are paying you for it like I
really don't ever want to feel like I'm
in a position where I'm selling
something it's not worth it like that if
you paid for it you would feel like you
didn't give your your actual value so
that's why that's why I haven't made
anything yet because I want it to be
great I wanna be proud of it for the
people out there who want maybe they
have a dormant YouTube channel that's
been sitting there they haven't done
anything yet on it or you know they want
to start something what is what is some
pep in their step oh man
well I butcher that what is that yeah
you know the question I'm trying to ask
even if you have not started a channel
and you've been thinking about it for
ever like just start something today and
make it pad straighter yeah for sure
just are making things yes there can be
a feeling of that people are already
doing what you want to do like maybe
your genres already covered or whatever
but the whole markets gonna be totally
different next year in the year after in
the year after and there's gonna be a
new platform that we don't know about
yet like worth the very beginning of
absolutely everything everything that
was crazy barely started yes
like just today pocket casts was
purchased by NPR
what yeah big big crazy news I'm
actually I'm a little worried about it
because I bet they're doing it to put
more ad technology into it yeah but it's
like you know this probably the second
biggest podcast AB now owned by by NPR
conglomerate actually of a few public
radio stations but so that I mean that's
just a part of that like podcasts
whatever they are now they've been
stable for a while but are gonna keep
moving and like we don't know what any
of this is and that's a area that is so
going to be disrupted soon I think audio
has been the same for such a long time
and in terms of distribution and the
platforms that we're listening to them
on and that's something that I've been
kind of talking about my videos as well
with all these smart home speakers and
audio is really becoming you listen to
most your pumpkins
ear pods my phone yeah what's your
preferred app is it pocket casts I I
think like hold on no oh yeah when you
said pocket cast I'm like wait do I use
pocket cause but it's overcast yeah but
I think audio is something that also on
the content side of it I think gimlet
media has been the one to really like
shake things up if you guys are looking
for more podcasts listen to gimlet media
and I think that if you can come in and
do something more inventive than just
interviewing people dude like what's
more creative than that like you know
because so many people are doing that
and like selfishly for me it's something
that I've been doing since the beginning
of time with me like just interviewing
people I love it and so me doing
something different would be totally out
of my wheelhouse and like it wouldn't be
comfortable but I think in terms of
audio I would love to do a produced
audio show wherein treated like videos
and it's like I you know I'm writing it
out and I'm intentionally including a
bunch of content that I got in the field
and record like yeah be really fun this
I mean that's some like reporter ish do
you know and I think people I love
consuming that type of stuff like gimlet
media stuff and so yeah there's a lot of
room to innovate but in terms you know a
lot of you
guys that listen to us are probably more
into video as well but don't be
discouraged by the platforms that are
have because things are evolving totally
learn be flexible and just go for it
that's great advice yeah yeah well Tyler
thanks for being on the creative
exchange where can people find you uh oh
man good question search for my name
which is Stillman St al-ma and you'll
find all my stuff his youtube channel
podcast will be in the description below
thank you so much for think so okay I
totally forgot what I say at the end of
these I keep creating I think that's
what we landed on haha stay PG keep
creating thanks for tuning in guys
you